All good 
Everything is good. Thank you. 
This HW04 was not good with explanation and was hard to implement. It took a lot of my time to finish that. I hope from next week more description will provide by you and make it a little easier. Moreover, we also have a project to do. 
Thanks for the lecture 
I have some comments on weekly homework as follow: 1- we need rubrics for every homeworks since I missed the same grades for hw1(3 feedback) and hw2 (one feedback)!! 2- we need more details of requirements weekly homework, for example (For the curated PP, HR-E4 and HR-AW signals construct Q-Q plots. The plots should be done for each participant and laid out in the two-page format you are familiar with from Q1 in HW 1. The aim is to provide a comparative and insightful account of signal normality to the analyst. State your observations and thoughts) The solution showed to us in class was in four pages before and After and in Q2 mentioned in two-page! 3- we need the final solution of weekly homework.
Thank you! 
No techincal difficulties this week, which is appreciated. 
Today's class has lot of useful content. Thanks to professor for all the information provided in today's class about assignments and one more chance to makeup for Homework1 
Very difficult and time consuming homeworks which require strong knowledge of R programming. Takes an entire week to complete leaving no time for other classes. 
Unfortunately the online portion had lots of technical problems today, especially towards the end of the first session and continuing throughout Vitalii's demo. The audio would cut out for minutes at a time. I have no complaints about the content, just the stream itself. 
The calss is intersenting, however I need time to figure out the homework, I sugget to have one week for each homework since I am taking two classes besides this class. Please.. I have one comment to Vitalii please explain slowly since I am beginner in R language. Professor and Vitali and Fettah are doing greet job. 
I have zero knowledge in R programming and for someone like me I felt the homeworks are very difficult. 
Dear professor, I had no experience in R language. The pace of class as I felt is fast but I'm covering it up by listening again the recorded lectures. The assignment, I had felt difficult to solve and moving forward since the deadline is fixed at Wednesday, I'm concerned about the course work. Kindly requesting you to be considerate while giving assignments. 
Good 
I felt Assignment was too tough. Firstly , I am new to R and as the fisrt assignment was like more than beginners level. So I have a request that if there is any chance of reducing the assignment level so that I can learn from foundations. 
I felt Homework 1 was too difficult to complete even the deadline was extended because I am not very much aware of R. I kindly request you to decline the level of difficulty if you can so that I could learn from basics. 
I feel each assignment should have a duration of 1 week to complete them as it is my first time working with R and it consumes a lot of time. And we also have other subjects to work on. 
The assignment is so difficult it is like i am understanding the topic but when it comes to assignment it is not helping that much. And the assignment is taking a lot of time which is causing problem for my other courses. 
Please give one week for every assignment 
Found the assignment somewhat interesting but di... 
I feel HW01 is very difficult. I have followed the class and office hours but it was so hard for me to get my head around the assignment. If this is the difficulty level for HW01, I wonder how the level of upcoming homeworks is going to be. 
Hope to extend the work time. 
The homework 1 was very very difficult and it is taking a lot of time to solve the questions and even the questions are not 100% understandable to do the task. It is even affecting my other courses as i need to spend a lot of time on this course. 
I felt that Homework-1 was so difficult. As we are new to R we cannot code to that level at the begining itself.I request to reduce the difficulty as the deadline was also a mere 3 days. 